feat(replay): Update docs to be more explicit about Replays across multile pageloads (#7779)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/common/session-replay/index.mdx

## User Session

A user session starts when the Session Replay SDK is first loaded and initialized.

> The session will capture any pageloads, refreshes or navigations as long as the SDK is re-initialized on the same domain, and in the same borwser tab, each time. Sessions continue capturing data until 5 minutes passes without any user interactions **or** until a maximum of 60 minutes have elapsed. Closing the browser tab will end the session immediately, according to the rules for [SessionStorage](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/sessionStorage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The session will capture any pageloads, refreshes, or navigations as long as the SDK is re-initialized on the same domain, and in the same browser tab, each time. Sessions continue capturing data until 5 minutes pass without any user interactions **or** until a maximum of 60 minutes have elapsed. Closing the browser tab will end the session immediately, according to the rules for [SessionStorage](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/sessionStorage).
```
